[Music]
once upon a time in a mansion on Long
Island
in a world of money all work and no play
made Linus Larrabee a billionaire I just
don't feel like buying any more networks
this year there's never anything good on
all play and no work made his brother
tingling a different kind of billionaire
see guys what Sunday is now it's
Wednesday I would like to propose a
toast not only is this adjoining forever
of two gorgeous people but two gorgeous
companies and the Larabee's here were
about to live happily ever after when
someone made an unexpected appearance
and awakened something magical in all of
them Sabrina Sabrina grown-up Sabrina
what does he keep saying that she's like
a sister to him that I have a sister
that's not how we dance you are the
chauffeur's something about Sabrina I
know this sounds crazy but I really
think that I'm falling in love with her
I don't want him trying to break off the
engagement this whole thing happened in
24 hours I can make it unhappen 48
you're talking about my life I pay for
your life David my life makes your life
possible I resent that
so too why I like Sabrina I always have
but I'm not about to kiss off a billion
dollars I don't care what she did to
we're here
in how you are not exactly what people
say you are what do they say I have that
you're the world's only living heart
donor
yeah
[Music]
I do what my dad he he did what his dad
did my loss Gosselin yes Paramount
Pictures presents a film by Sydney
[ __ ] you convinced me that there were
some things missing
[Music]
if there
I got a surprise for you I got one for
you too
Harrison Ford Julia Omaha Greg Kinnear
Sabrina you ever heard me referred to as
the world's only living heart donor
[Music]
you